My mother was hell-bent that us three would get an education, you know, and if they
Not to marry because otherwise what like I was thinking what life would have been like if I was still in Africa
Would I be married with two three children, but no education?
You know, what would my life have been like? I don't know
And here my mother said out, you know, she wouldn't even teach us how to cook
I said, can you teach us how to cook? No, no go study study. I want you to get out
I want you to go and get educated so you stand on your own two feet. You never depend on anyone ever
Am I am I as resilient as I
As I was then I think then
Now I feel I feel
Not so strong
Maybe I'm getting older I don't know but then it was like a big adventure, you know
Everything was an adventure. I treated it like an adventure. I think I wouldn't have survived
If I hadn't been so resilient and I think it's thanks to my mom who is just tell me go
You you you don't need to depend on anyone. You need to go stand on your own two feet. I always remember that
Go